* Backy, a simple backup manager

*Backy* is a simple, open-source and multi-platform tool for creating and
maintaining backups developed using Qt.

** Preview

It's very easy to learn to work with. Backy's interface is very intuitive even
for beginners.

[[ doc/images/main_window.png]]

** Building and installing

Some time ago, I have completely stopped to use Windows as well as common Linux
distributions such as Ubuntu and I have moved to
[[https://guix.gnu.org][GNU/Guix]]. Therefore, since version 1.0.1, I will no longer make pre-built binary
available for these platforms. Although, you are still able to build Backy from
sources by yourself.

*** On GNU/Guix

A Guix package definition for Backy is available trough
[[https://gitlab.inria.fr/mfelsoci/guix-extra][my personal Guix channel]].

*** Other platforms

In order to be able to build Backy from sources on any platform, please, ensure
that the latest version of qmake, gcc (or any other C++ compiler) and the Qt
framework is available on your system.

Then, the next step is to clone this repository onto your machine, navigate to
the root of the latter and execute the commands listed below.

**** Debian-based Linux distributions (Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, etc.)

The corresponding dependency packages are ~build-essential~ and ~qt5-default~.

Eventually, navigate to the folder containing Backy's sources and execute the
commands listed below.

#+BEGIN_SRC shell
qmake -config release .
make
sudo make install
#+END_SRC

**** Microsoft(R) Windows(R)

On Windows(R), the only thing you need to install prior to building Backy is the
latest release of the Qt framework. See the [[https://qt.io][Qt website]] for more information.

The Qt distribution contains the QtCreator IDE which you can use to open the
~backy.pro~ project configuration file and build Backy using the graphical user
interface.

**** Other Linux distributions and Apple(R) macOS(R)

Unfortunately, I have not enough experience with these platforms, so I am unable
to provide you with any advice on how to install Backy's dependencies.

** Localization

As of this day, Backy is localized in US English, French and Slovak.

** User's guide

Accordingly, a complete user's guide for Backy is available online in
[[doc/GUIDE.en.org][US English]], [[doc/GUIDE.fr.org][French]] and [[doc/GUIDE.sk.org][Slovak]].

To generate the technical documentation of the source code, use
[[https://www.doxygen.org][Doxygen]].

** Author

*Marek Felsoci* (marek.felsoci@etu.unistra.fr) - /former student in Computer/
/science/ at the [[http://unistra.fr][University of Strasbourg]].

** License

Backy is licensed under the terms of the
[[LICENSE][GNU General Public License version 3.0]].

