* User's guide for Backy

** What is Backy?
 
Backy is a simple and free open-source solution for creating and maintaining
backups. It's very easy to use and multi-platform.

Backy allows you to create a backup of either a folder or an entire drive. Then,
whenever your source content changes you can simply update your previous backup.

** How to use Backy?

Backy's graphical user interface is very intuitive even for beginners.

*** Create a backup

To create a backup, you need to specify the location where the content to be
backed up is stored as well as the location where the backup will be created.

Then uncheck the *Synchronize only* checkbox in order to create a fresh backup.

Finally, click on the *Backup* button to begin the backup process and wait until
it completes.

*** Update/Synchronize a backup

If you already have done a backup of the selected source location, you can
synchronize it with the most recent changes of the latter without having to
re-create an another backup which can become very disk space-consuming.

Backy will compare all the items in the source and the target backup locations
and copy only those that had been changed since the last backup. You can choose
between two comparison criterions. Either the most recent version or the biggest
(in terms of file size) version of an item will be kept.

Moreover, you can define whether the files which exists in the target backup
location should be preserved or deleted if they no longer exist in the source
backup location. By default, such files are deleted. You can avoid it by ticking
the *Keep obsolete file(s)* checkbox.

To begin the backup process, click on the *Backup* button.

*** Abort a backup in progress

In the case you want to abort a backup which is still in progress you can do so
by clicking on the *Abort* button. You will be prompted to confirm your choice.
Click *Yes* if you are sure you want to abort the backup.

Please note that the backup process won't be stopped immediately! You'll have to
wait until the application has finished processing the current item.

*** Change application's language

In order to change the display language of the application, go to the
*Preferences* dialog through the main menu or by pressing *Shift+Ctrl+P*, select
the desired language from the list and click on the *Apply* button.

*** Change maximal copy buffer size

The *Preferences* dialog allows you to set manually the maximal value of copy
buffer size. This must not exceed your computer's RAM size which is displayed in
the Backy's *Preferences* dialog. As setting a wrong value can make the
application to crash or harm your system, you're strongly advised to *NOT* to
change this value unless you know exactly what you are doing!
